c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\netstandard.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ComponentModel.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Console.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Data.Common.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.Pipes.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Ping.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Requests.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Security.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Resources.Reader.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Resources.Writer.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Claims.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.Principal.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Security.SecureString.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Threading.Timer.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\v-altsai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\v-altsai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
